he can also sort manually in pivot tables.
So here I've got the list of my products and have got the sales amounts.
And let's say I want to put product one to be after product to,
for example,
so I can hover over the corner here on Product one and press and hold on my mouse button
and you can see here the bar indicating the new position that it's gonna be moved to.
So if I release my mouse,
click here of be able to move it here so that you be between product to and product three,
another way to move it is to actually click on it and then right click and then go to move
on.
Then here I could move it up or to the beginning or down one step or two.
The end.
So say I'm going to move it one step upwards.
It's actually going to go to the beginning.
So here,
going to the beginning and up will yield the same result in this case.
So if I move it one step up,
you can see here it's moved to the top again.
Another way to do it is to actually go ahead and type the name of your product here.
So product one like this and press enter because here it's been moved to the very bottom
here.
So there you go.
Three ways to manually sort your pivot tables.